Overview

In the Securing virtual machines exercise, you were asked to set up a testing environment by securing a virtual machine using JIT, Azure Bastion, and Azure Standard Firewall. You also had to configure Microsoft Sentinel to monitor the testing environment. The following questions will help you assess whether you understood and executed the instructions correctly.

Question 1)
Have you successfully deployed the Service_VM for the IT services provider?

Yes
No
Question 2)
Have you successfully created a hub network with VNet peering?

Yes
No
Question 3)
Have you successfully deployed an Azure Standard firewall ready to protect the network?

Yes
No
Question 4)
You have a web application hosted on Azure and want to restrict inbound access to the application from specific IP addresses. Which feature of the Azure Standard Firewall can help you achieve this?

Network address translation (NAT)
Custom application rules.
Load balancing rules
Network rules
Question 5)
Have you successfully configured just-in-time access on the Services_VM?

Yes
No
Question 6)
Have you successfully configured and deployed Azure Bastion?

Yes
No
Question 7)
Which of the following protocols are supported by Azure Bastion for remote access? Select all that apply.

RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol)
SSH (Secure Shell)
HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol).
FTP (File Transfer Protocol)
Question 8)
Were you able to remotely connect the Services_VM using Azure Bastion and JIT access?

Yes
No
Question 9)
Have you successfully deployed Microsoft Sentinel?

Yes
No
Question 10)
What does Microsoft Sentinel primarily help organizations with?

Detecting and responding to security threats
Managing customer relationships
Analyzing financial data
Question 11)
What is the name of the instance used for Azure Bastion configuration in Step 5?

Services_Bastion
SecureBastion
AccessBastion
BastionVM
Question 12)
What is the purpose of creating a hub network with VNet peering in Step 2 of the exercise?

To establish a connection to the public internet
To enable communication between virtual networks for enhanced security
To provide remote access to virtual machines
To deploy an Azure Standard Firewall
Question 13)
What is the purpose of deploying the Azure Standard Firewall in Step 3 of the exercise?

To manage JIT (just-in-time) access
To provide remote desktop access
To monitor the testing environment
To protect and secure the network
Question 14)
In Step 7, what type of workspace is created when implementing Microsoft Sentinel?

Azure Sentinel Workspace
Log Analytics Workspace
Application Insights Workspace
Logic App Workspace
Question 15)
What is the main purpose of enabling just-in-time (JIT) access on the Services_VM in Step 4 of the exercise?

To enhance security by controlling and limiting remote access to the virtual machine
To restrict remote access and only allow access during specified times
To automatically deploy security updates to the virtual machine
To allow unlimited and unrestricted access to the virtual machine
 
